More editorial changes from # Ratchet Tree Ops through # Group Evolution (#614)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

# Group Evolution

Over the lifetime of a group, its membership can change, and existing members
might want to change their keys in order to achieve post-compromise security.

> In MLS, changes can be made immediately using a Commit message with embedded
> Proposals, such changes can be accomplished via a two-step process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MLS, each such change is accomplished by a two-step process:
```

Since every change requires a proposal, stating this as Proposal/Commit first, then one-step below.

1. A proposal to make the change is broadcast to the group in a Proposal message

> 2. A member of the group or a new member broadcasts a Commit message that causes
>    one or more proposed changes to enter into effect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A member of the group or a new member broadcasts a Commit message that causes
   one or more proposed changes to enter into effect
   
In cases where the Proposal and Commit are sent by the same member, these two steps
can be combined by sending the proposals in the commit.
```

state of the group by applying the proposals and advancing the key schedule.

Each proposal covered by the Commit is included by a ProposalOrRef value, which

> identifies the proposal to be applied by value or by reference.  Commits that
> refer to new Proposals from the committer can be included by value. Commits
> for previously sent proposals from anyone (including the committer) can be sent
> by reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identifies the proposal to be applied by value or by reference.  Commits that
refer to new Proposals from the committer can be included by value. Commits
for previously sent proposals from anyone (including the committer) can be sent
by reference.  Proposals sent by reference are specified by including the hash of
the MLSPlaintext in which the proposal was sent (see {{hash-based-identifiers}}).
```

* `reinit`

New proposal types MUST state whether they require a path. If any instance of a

> proposal type requires a path, then the Commit requires a path. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proposal type requires a path, then the proposal type requires a path. This
```

Reverting because the emphasis here is on the "requires path" attribute being at the level of proposal types.

  field populated from Proposals received during the current epoch, and an empty
  `path` field.

> * Generate the provisional ratchet tree and GroupContext by applying the valid,
>   compatible proposals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate the provisional ratchet tree and GroupContext by applying the proposals
```

Reverting because the choice of proposals happens earlier.  All proposals included in the initial commit need to be applied.

     `commit_secret` as the value `path_secret[n+1]` derived from the
     `path_secret[n]` value assigned to the root node.

> * If not populating the `path` field: Set the `path` field in the Commit to a
>   zero-length vector.  Define `commit_secret` as the all-zero vector of length

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If not populating the `path` field: Set the `path` field in the Commit to the
  null optional.  Define `commit_secret` as the all-zero vector of length
```

Reverting because the `path` field has type `optional<UpdatePath>`.

  parameters:
  * `psktype`: `resumption`
  * `usage`: `reinit`

>   * `group_id`: The group ID for the new group
>   * `epoch`: The epoch that the group will be in after this Commit (0x0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `group_id`: The group ID for the current group
  * `epoch`: The epoch that the group will be in after this Commit
```

Reverting because the PSK here refers to the last epoch of the earlier group.  So it has to use the old group's information.

The `signature` on the GroupInfo struct authenticates the HPKE public key, so
that the joiner knows that the public key was provided by a member of the group.
The fields that are not signed are included in the key schedule via the

> GroupContext object. If the joiner has provided inaccurate data for these

Reviewer: This is wrong, because we're talking about GroupInfo that the joiner consumes.  But this whole paragraph is wrong; will remove in a subsequent commit.
